. . . making a friend with God.
Yeah, I don’t know how to do that.
Make a friend?
But you’ve done fine with me.
But I can see you—but God, a Friend?
Seriously?
How about what you can see?
What does creation teach us about him?
Um, not much
—maybe evolve or your species dies.
It doesn’t really help.
Well, I’m not talking about evolution.
I’m talking about the things
that God has created.
You don’t suppose he’s got
a little workshop up there building things
one at a time, do you?
In the real world, things evolve.
It’s all random.
I don’t know what that
tells me about him.
I wasn’t ready for this.
Evolution isn’t my strong suit.
I need help.
This could be good:
“Many who believe evolution . . .
ancient tidal pool . . .
chemicals spontaneously assembled . . .”
It’s too deep.
Wait!
Maybe: “What does the evidence reveal? . . .
“For a cell to survive, . . . DNA . . .
“RNA . . . inanimate chemicals . . .
probability . . .”
I’m not sure this is what she needs.
Her real issue
was getting to know
someone that she can’t see.
Maybe that’s the best place to begin.
“One widespread false teaching . . .
“robs people of hope . . . implies
that human life has no purpose . . .”
This could be it; establish the positive:
What creation really says about Jehovah
versus what evolution obscures.
OK, so you got me thinking, . . .
Mm-hm.
. . . and I did some research, . . .
OK. Yeah.
. . . and I think
you’ll really like what I found.
OK.
Come, come, sit down.
OK, let’s do this.
I’ve tried everything
to get Jade to a meeting . . .
It’s every Thursday and Sunday,
and I think
—I think you’d really enjoy it.
I can’t promise anything.
It would be nice if you could come.
I might just text her,
actually, just to remind her.
OK, yeah, excellent.
Have you tried bringing
other people on the study?
. . . well, maybe not everything.
What are you doing
tomorrow afternoon?
Hi.
This is Abigay.
Oh.
Hi, Abigay.
Sorry, let me kill that.
It’s been a long time since I hear them!
You know that band?
Know them?
I used to see them all the time
before I became a Witness.
No way!
You like that kind of music?
You don’t believe me?
Oh, this bag, it’s so big!
I can’t find anything.
Abigay?
Ah, when I was young . . .
You were in a band?
“The sun shines so sweet.”
Ah, I love that song!
I actually have that vinyl.
So I’ll be gone next week.
OK.
But I’ll have someone else
take care of the study, OK?
“How long would Jesus need to wait
before Jehovah would make him King?”
Good, so “how do we know that Jesus
“did not become King
when he was on earth
or immediately after he was resurrected?”
Oh, uh, because he didn’t.
Well, what did Jesus
teach his disciples to pray?
Oh, um, yep—well, I know the obvious.
“Let your Kingdom come,”
implied future tense.
But how can we know for sure
what’s going on in heaven?
Maybe it would help
if we reviewed the cited scriptures here.
Before you leave, a suggestion:
Maybe if you were to study ahead of time?
I really . . .
How about no.
I’m really swamped.
I know you’re busy; we all are.
You have no clue, do you?
I have to go.
I didn’t know what to do next.
I thought she
was making our study a priority,
but maybe she wasn’t.
Exams next week—it’s do or die time.
Then I remembered 1 Corinthians 3:6
says that ‘God keeps making it grow.’
So I asked him to help Jade
and then left it with him.
Look, I need to apologize.
Forget it, you were stressed.
Yeah, but there’s more.
Inside I knew you were right;
it’s just the last thing I wanted to hear.
Stop, really.
How about I show you how I prepare?
OK.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Thank you, Jehovah.
OK.